Is it just to cause trouble for you?
Hakka, I didn’t eat it,
By the way, there is no me.
Now that you are like this, you are told that they don’t want to trouble you anymore.
You like your relative Your Highness Shun so much, if she is in trouble next time at the venue,
Just call me directly and I'll get it.
Is there any other reason to explain why I appear in the left home?
Got it, pay it off.
Thank you, thank you mom.
If we reconcile, what should we do?
I'm going to keep it.
But you asked me about my identity.
Then I will be twice as kind to her. Today I am alone,
You have to work hard to get it like this.
What happened to my son?
Judgment, after leaving the heart,
I played to death again